Update Label Studio docs to recommend Storage Buckets for persistence (#2381)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/spaces-sdks-docker-label-studio.md

to invite new users in the `Organization` settings in the Label Studio
application.

### Enable Persistence with HF Storage Buckets

By default, this Space stores all project configuration and data annotations in
local storage with SQLite. If the Space is reset, all configuration and
annotation data in the Space will be lost.

The simplest way to enable persistence is to attach a [Storage Bucket](./storage-buckets),
which mounts persistent object storage directly into the Space. Label Studio
writes its SQLite database and media uploads into the mounted bucket, so
projects and annotations survive restarts.

1. **Create a bucket:**

   ```bash
   hf buckets create <your-namespace>/label-studio-data
   ```

> 2. **Attach it** in Space Settings → Storage Buckets, mount path `/data`.

Reviewer: maybe show via CLI or code too

Author: Updated to make it more agent-friendly! 

cc @Wauplin @hanouticelina - any objections to a PR for adding mounting volumes to `hf` CLI? Might be quicker for agents vs the current approach in these docs.

Reviewer 2: Yes sure! We actually have quite a lot of Space-specific methods in the API that would deserve to be in the CLI:

As a side note, it's already possible to attach a volume when creating the Space:

```
hf repos create ... --repo-type -v hf://gpt2:/models
```

(still agree on the need for a `hf spaces volume ...`)

Reviewer 2: => https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface_hub/pull/4109

> Set a `SECRET_KEY` Space Secret to keep user sessions alive across restarts.
> Without it, Label Studio generates a random key on each boot and all users
> are logged out on restart.

#### Have a coding agent do it for you

If you'd rather not click through the Space settings, you can ask a coding agent with access to `huggingface_hub` to provision the Space for you. Tell it your Space ID and bucket name, and it can run the equivalent of:

```python
from huggingface_hub import HfApi, Volume

api = HfApi()
space_id = "<your-namespace>/<your-space>"

# Attach the bucket at /data
api.set_space_volumes(
    space_id,
    volumes=[
        Volume(type="bucket", source="<your-namespace>/label-studio-data", mount_path="/data"),
    ],
)

# Tell Label Studio to write its SQLite DB and media into the mounted bucket
api.add_space_variable(space_id, "LABEL_STUDIO_BASE_DATA_DIR", "/data")
api.add_space_variable(space_id, "STORAGE_PERSISTENCE", "1")

# Optional: set a stable SECRET_KEY so sessions survive restarts
api.add_space_secret(space_id, "SECRET_KEY", "<random-string>")

# Factory rebuild so the new mount and variables take effect
api.restart_space(space_id, factory_reboot=True)
```

> See the [`manage-spaces` guide](/docs/huggingface_hub/guides/manage-spaces#mount-volumes-in-your-space) for more on volume mounts.

Author: ```suggestion
See the [`manage-spaces` guide](/docs/huggingface_hub/guides/manage-spaces) for more on managing spaces and volume mounts via `huggingface_hub`.
```
